Windows in FAQ (#10402)
sorbet/sorbet: website/docs/faq.md

Sorbet bundles [RBI files](rbi.md) for the standard library. In Ruby the standard library changes with the Ruby version being used, but Sorbet only ships one set of RBI definitions for the standard library. In particular, Sorbet's RBI files for the standard library might reflect classes, methods, or APIs that are only available in a version of Ruby newer than the one used to run a given project. You will have to rely on (runtime) test suites to verify that your project does not use new standard library APIs with an old Ruby version, or does not use removed standard library APIs with a new Ruby version.

The `sorbet-static` gem is only tested on macOS 15.0 (Sequoia) on Apple Silicon, and Ubuntu 20.04 (Focal Fossa). We expect `sorbet-static` to work as far back as macOS 10.10 (Yosemite) and on most Linux distributions using `glibc`.

> There is currently no Windows support. Supporting Windows would be a substantial amount of complexity because of how much Sorbet would be affected by differences in the filesystem & filenames, threading, subprocesses, virtual memory, pointer layouts, etc. leading to a higher maintenance burden. The predominant codebases and companies using Sorbet don't need Windows support, making the tradeoff of higher maintenance a high hurdle to clear. We are open to discussing patches that add Windows build support, but the bar would be pretty high for accepting them and we might not commit to keeping windows builds evergreen in CI, the same we do for other platforms. Anyone who is interested in contributing Windows support should follow our guide for [Contributing to Sorbet](https://github.com/sorbet/sorbet/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to engage with members of the Sorbet team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is currently no Windows support. Supporting Windows would be a substantial amount of complexity because of how much Sorbet would be affected by differences in the filesystem & filenames, threading, subprocesses, virtual memory, pointer layouts, etc. leading to a higher maintenance burden. The predominant codebases and companies using Sorbet don't need Windows support, making the tradeoff of higher maintenance a high hurdle to clear. We are open to discussing patches that add Windows build support, but the bar would be pretty high for accepting them and we might not commit to keeping windows builds evergreen in CI, the same we do for other platforms. Anyone who is interested in contributing Windows support should follow our guide for [Contributing to Sorbet](https://github.com/sorbet/sorbet/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to discuss plans with members of the Sorbet team.
```

> There is currently no Windows support. Supporting Windows would be a substantial amount of complexity because of how much Sorbet would be affected by differences in the filesystem & filenames, threading, subprocesses, virtual memory, pointer layouts, etc. leading to a higher maintenance burden. The predominant codebases and companies using Sorbet don't need Windows support, making the tradeoff of higher maintenance a high hurdle to clear. We are open to discussing patches that add Windows build support, but the bar would be pretty high for accepting them and we might not commit to keeping windows builds evergreen in CI, the same we do for other platforms. Anyone who is interested in contributing Windows support should follow our guide for [Contributing to Sorbet](https://github.com/sorbet/sorbet/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to engage with members of the Sorbet team.

Reviewer 2: I don't think there are real differences in pointer layout.  This probably can't be applied directly because of our doc formatting lints.  Minor wordsmithing applied below.

idk that I'd really want to suggest that we're open to the contribution, but 🤷‍♂️.

```suggestion
There is currently no Windows support. Supporting Windows would be a substantial amount of complexity because of how much Sorbet would be affected by differences in the filesystem & filenames, threading, subprocesses, virtual memory, etc. leading to a higher maintenance burden. The predominant codebases and companies using Sorbet don't need Windows support, making the tradeoff of higher maintenance a high hurdle to clear. We are open to discussing patches that add Windows build support, but the bar would be pretty high for accepting them and we might not commit to keeping windows builds evergreen in CI in the same way we do for other platforms. Anyone who is interested in contributing Windows support should follow our guide for [Contributing to Sorbet](https://github.com/sorbet/sorbet/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to engage with members of the Sorbet team.
```
